---

layout: gallery
categories: portfolio
month-number: 10

date: 2015-10-25 23:55:55

title:  "test"
subtitle: "gghhh"

thumb:	img_6968.jpg

img-1:	img_6968.jpg
cap-1:	

img-2:	img_6968.jpg
cap-2:	

img-3:	
cap-3: 	

img-4:	
cap-4:	

img-5:	
cap-5:	

img-6:	
cap-6:	

img-7:	
cap-7:	

img-8:	
cap-8:	

img-9:	
cap-9:	

img-10:	
cap-10:	

img-11:	
cap-11:	

img-12:	
cap-12:	

img-13:	
cap-13:	

img-14:	
cap-14:	

img-15:	
cap-15:	

img-16:	
cap-16:	

img-17:	
cap-17:	

img-18:	
cap-18:	

img-19:	
cap-19:	

img-20:	
cap-20:	

img-21:	
cap-21:	

img-22:	
cap-22:	

img-23:	
cap-23:	

img-24:	
cap-24:	

img-25:	
cap-25:	

img-26:	
cap-26:	

img-27:	
cap-27:	

img-28:	
cap-28:	

img-29:	
cap-29:	

img-30:	
cap-30:	

img-31:	
cap-31:	

img-32:	
cap-32:	

img-33:	
cap-33:	

img-34:	
cap-34:	

img-35:	
cap-35:	

img-36:	
cap-36:	

img-37:	
cap-37:	

img-38:	
cap-38:	

img-39:	
cap-39:	

img-40:	
cap-40:	

---

Kae and I went to a French Cafe for a bit tonight. She asked me if I party a lot, or if I had a drinking problem. Playfully of course, but then I tried explaining to her that in Canada, I'd maybe go out once every 1-2 months, maybe. I can't even recall once that I've gone clubbing in Montreal, and I've lived there 1 year. I've gone to bars, but fairly infrequently. More near the end when I was "self employed". Take Seoul for example, I stayed there 14 nights. Drank at least 10 of those nights, drunk at least 8 of those nights. My wonderful brother reassured me I was simply experiencing the culture. Even today, I was recounting Seoul and someone said they're the Irish of Asia. No kidding. Anyway, I digress.

Dancing is so fun, the music is so great, and the people, even better. I take it there's simply less to think and worry about. It doesn't matter whether or not I check or answer emails, I don't have to, and it doesn't matter if I'm tired the next day, or if I get home at 6AM. It's just about interacting and dancing. 

I told her, i'm excited to get back to Canada, with this new me. That perhaps I will be better able to balance work and play. And not worry so much about the many little things. And when they pass, most importantly, to not dwell. Nino, from Singapore, said this best. I'll remember that. 

Everything is very well. I love my friends. Anyone of genuine. Even if we don't get along so well, we can still appreciate a sincere heart. I hope to be sincere. 
