---

layout: gallery
categories: portfolio
month-number: 10

date: 2015-10-3 23:55:55

title:  "Day 2"
subtitle: "Beautiful Garden, Expensive Bottle"

thumb:	img_4675-0.jpg

img-1:	img_4664.jpg
cap-1:	

img-2:	img_4665.jpg
cap-2:	

img-3:	img_4666.jpg
cap-3: 	

img-4:	img_4667.jpg
cap-4:	

img-5:	img_4672.jpg
cap-5:	

img-6:	img_4668.jpg
cap-6:	

img-7:	img_4669.jpg
cap-7:	

img-8:	img_4674.jpg
cap-8:	

img-9:	img_4655-0.jpg
cap-9:	

img-10:	img_4681.jpg
cap-10:	

img-11:	img_4682.jpg
cap-11:	

img-12:	img_4677.jpg
cap-12:	

img-13:	img_4680.jpg
cap-13:	

img-14:	img_4678.jpg
cap-14:	

img-15:	img_4679.jpg
cap-15:	

img-16:	img_4676.jpg
cap-16:	

img-17:	img_4670.jpg
cap-17:	

img-18:	img_4673.jpg
cap-18:	

img-19:	img_4671.jpg
cap-19:	

img-20:	img_4668.jpg
cap-20:	

img-21:	img_4683.jpg
cap-21:	

img-22:	
cap-22:	

img-23:	
cap-23:	

img-24:	
cap-24:	

img-25:	
cap-25:	

img-26:	
cap-26:	

img-27:	
cap-27:	

img-28:	
cap-28:	

img-29:	
cap-29:	

img-30:	
cap-30:	

img-31:	
cap-31:	

img-32:	
cap-32:	

img-33:	
cap-33:	

img-34:	
cap-34:	

img-35:	
cap-35:	

img-36:	
cap-36:	

img-37:	
cap-37:	

img-38:	
cap-38:	

img-39:	
cap-39:	

img-40:	
cap-40:	

---

Walked to Kiyosumiteien, a very gorgeous traditional Japanese garden surrounded by the urban landscape. On the way I stumbled upon a gathering, watching children play out choreography instructed by whistle, accompanied by music and singing. There was also a (free) park right next to the Japanese garden. 

In Kiyosumiteien, it was easy to forget you're in a city of 9 Million, in awe, looking at turtles, big koy fish, listening to the sounds of crickets. Admission was ¥120 (~$1.20 CAD), what a deal!

Not knowing I was actually lost, I found a little house-restaurant. On the window outside was their whole menu in big pictures and clear prices. I snapped a pic of the meal I wanted and showed it to the gentle lady on my way in. I thought it was chicken in the picture, but it was liver. 

Hours later, I find my way home, checked my email for a meetup happening that night and just my luck!: There was an Internationals salsa club-crawl meetup in a few hours, in Rappongi (sort of foreigner / party district)! Managed to make my way there by subway, without any trouble. I was surprised. Good design.

Everyone in the salsa crawl spoke English, some fluent, some less. 80% had never done salsa before. Admission was ¥2,000 (~$20), you get a free drink and "one" free shot, and access to the other 2 clubs, free of charge. Met so many interesting people, all with different reasons they're in Tokyo: vacation, work, teaching, native, etc. On out way out of the first location, at the door, the organizer poured a shot of rum in our mouths. "One" shot turned out to be 4, for me, somehow. Peoples choice award. 

Second and third location is when the night blossomed. They were salsa clubs, with many foreigners too. The dancing, the energy, the drinks. I felt invincibly happy. Much later, friends started leaving one by one. The Subway stops running from 12:30 to 5:00 AM. I accepted this fate early on. Worst case? Taking a nap on a bench? Easy.

Long story short.. When I left the last club, alone, quite drunk, knowing I had some hours to kill, I met a stranger who told me I should go to his "lounge thing". ¥3,000 and I can drink all I want for 90 minute. I said sure. Went. Spoke to a "kind" girl for a few hours. Threw up a few times. My exit bill was $1,400 CAD, ish. We'd gotten a bottle. Somehow. I was convinced I was being played. I disputed. We came to the agreement of $500 CAD. Said their machines were off, or something. Went to the liquor store with the owner, and bought $500 CAD worth of liquor for him. I went off walking, a bit unhappy to say the least. At this time, the sun is rising. It's like 7:00 AM. I walk to subway. I think I fell asleep on the wrong direction. I eventually figure out where I am (?), and how to get home. 9:00 AM, I'm home. 

Life lessons.