---

layout: gallery
categories: portfolio
month-number: 10

date: 2015-10-1 23:55:55

title:  " "
subtitle: " "

thumb:	

img-1:	
cap-1:	

img-2:	
cap-2:	

img-3:	
cap-3: 	

img-4:	
cap-4:	

img-5:	
cap-5:	

img-6:	
cap-6:	

img-7:	
cap-7:	

img-8:	
cap-8:	

img-9:	
cap-9:	

img-10:	
cap-10:	

img-11:	
cap-11:	

img-12:	
cap-12:	

img-13:	
cap-13:	

img-14:	
cap-14:	

img-15:	
cap-15:	

img-16:	
cap-16:	

img-17:	
cap-17:	

img-18:	
cap-18:	

img-19:	
cap-19:	

img-20:	
cap-20:	

img-21:	
cap-21:	

img-22:	
cap-22:	

img-23:	
cap-23:	

img-24:	
cap-24:	

img-25:	
cap-25:	

img-26:	
cap-26:	

img-27:	
cap-27:	

img-28:	
cap-28:	

img-29:	
cap-29:	

img-30:	
cap-30:	

img-31:	
cap-31:	

img-32:	
cap-32:	

img-33:	
cap-33:	

img-34:	
cap-34:	

img-35:	
cap-35:	

img-36:	
cap-36:	

img-37:	
cap-37:	

img-38:	
cap-38:	

img-39:	
cap-39:	

img-40:	
cap-40:	

---

Sitting with a beer, watching Soccer on two screens, with Anna and Vivian, in Itaewon, in Thursday Party, during International Kimchi festival. Listening to Ride with me by Nelly. Old school shit. So great. Nothing matters now but beer and soccer. So good. 

...

Before I wrote that, long before, I went to a wedding with Daechan! Very Western style wedding. He tells me that many Koreans prefer this type of wedding because the traditional is much more complicated. Although, he says, many couples do both types. Western style with everyone and traditional ones for family and close friends. The food was absolutely delicious. Raw beef, lors of Shashimi (raw fish), fruit salad (amazing Dragon Fruit and Papaya), slice of pig feet, some Korean style sushi, and beer and special korean juice. Wonderful time! 

Then Daechan showed me where he works and also did up a workout on his own. He's a beast man.. Whoa. Made me feel immasculate. Then we travelled up to Namsan tower! Lots of lots of people there. We had a hard time finding how to get up the hill. We eventually walked up.. Where we discovered many many many buses leading up to. Ugh. But was good! The locks were very cute. We didn't go up in the tower. I was content with staying below, and seeing the view. We agreed next time we'll go up, but with dates. So we set a tentative double date for when I return. 

Then plans went so so, trying to organize my night out. Was stressful because I was supposed to meet some friends in Itaewon, but I was in Hongdae and kinda wanted to stay, and Nino was going to be here as well, and so I told the girls come to Hongdae, but they don't know where that is (they from China and Vietnam?), so ugh I went to Itaewon, and wow!!! The Kimchi Festival was amazing. Street was FILL of people, music, and food from all over the world. International festival. Lots of fun, then we walked around a bit, food, coffee, then eventually met up with Jane. Best decision of the night. 

Soju, street, Thursday, dancing, sunrise, breakfast, home home, sleep sleep.
